---
layout: post
title:  "IUGG 2023"
date:   2023-05-27
categories: news
description_long: "Join me at IUGG 2023, Berlin, where I will present the intriguing dynamics of buoyancy fluxes and stratification in the Polar Southern Ocean!"
---

{{ page.description_long }}


I am happy to announce my participation in the IUGG 2023 conference where I will be
presenting a poster. The focus of my work revolves around
the captivating competition between various components of buoyancy fluxes
and their relationship with stratification in the polar Southern Ocean.

One of the fascinating outcomes of my study is the profound impact of this
competition on the production of deep mixed layers during winter.
These mixed layers, crucial for understanding the ocean's behavior,
are the result of a complex interplay among different actors within the system.

Curious to learn why temperature and heat fluxes face inherent
disadvantages in the polar Southern Ocean? I invite you to join my poster for a
chat where I will unravel the mysteries behind this phenomenon.
Hint: The answer lies in the remarkable properties of the thermal expansion coefficient.

Save the date (July the 12th, 17:00 to 18:30)
and join me at the conference to embark on an enlightening journey into
the world of buoyancy fluxes, stratification,
and the fascinating interplay of forces within the polar Southern Ocean.

[*Investigating surface buoyancy flux and Ekman transport influence on the Southern Ocean's upper ocean pycnocline stratification*](https://iugg2023.floq.live/event/IUGG23/search?objectClass=programelement&objectId=645caeb3766b068393736ae1&type=detail)
